Import the suppressions per report (#3693)
Ericsson/codechecker: docs/web/user_guide.md

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit

Example scenario: Analyzing, and storing results
------------------------------------------------
Start the server where the results will be stored and can be viewed
after the analysis is done:
    CodeChecker server

Analyze a project with default settings:
    CodeChecker check -b "cd ~/myproject && make" -o "~/results"

Store the analyzer results to the server:
    CodeChecker store "~/results" -n myproject

The results can be viewed:
 * In a web browser: http://localhost:8001
 * In the command line:
    CodeChecker cmd results myproject

Example scenario: Analyzing, and printing results to Terminal (no storage)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
In this case, no database is used, and the results are printed on the standard
output.

>     CodeChecker check -b "cd ~/myproject && make"

Author: I don't think we need this check related part in the web user guide.

environment variables:
  CC_PASS_FILE     The location of the password file for auto login. By default
                   CodeChecker will use '~/.codechecker.passwords.json' file.
                   It can also be used to setup different credential files to
                   login to the same server with a different user.

  CC_SESSION_FILE  The location of the session file where valid sessions are
                   stored. This file will be automatically created by
                   CodeChecker. By default CodeChecker will use
                   '~/.codechecker.session.json'. This can be used if
                   restrictive permissions forbid CodeChecker from creating
                   files in the users home directory (e.g. in a CI
                   environment).

The results can be viewed by connecting to such a server in a Web browser or
via 'CodeChecker cmd'.
```
</details>

For example, if the analysis was run like:

```sh
CodeChecker analyze ../codechecker_myProject_build.log -o ./my_plists
```

then the results of the analysis can be stored with this command:

```sh
CodeChecker store ./my_plists -n my_project
```

> #### `PRODUCT_URL` format

Author: fixed

> Several subcommands, such as `store` and `cmd` need a connection specification
> on which server and for which *Product* (read more [about
> products](products.md)) an action, such as report storage or result
> retrieving, should be done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several sub-commands, such as `store` and `cmd` need a connection specification
that identifies a CodeChecker server and a *Product* (read more [about products](products.md).
Actions like report storage or result retrieving are performed towards this server and product.
```

This is done via the `PRODUCT_URL` where indicated in the subcommand, which
contains the server's access protocol, address, and the to-be-used product's
unique endpoint. The format of this string is:

> `[http[s]://]host:port/ProductEndpoint`. This URL looks like a standar Web

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[http[s]://]host:port/ProductEndpoint`. This URL looks like a standard Web
```
